Documenting frame routing. (#227)
nativescript-vue/nativescript-vue.org: content/docs/en/routing/manual-routing.md

For more information about the options that you can pass, see [`NavigationEntry`](https://docs.nativescript.org/api-reference/interfaces/_ui_frame_.navigationentry).

> #### Navigating widthin a frame

Reviewer: a typo > must be "within"

```suggestion
#### Navigating within a frame
```

> Each [`<Frame>`](/en/docs/elements/components/frame) element has its own navigation stack. If you are using [`multiple frames`](/en/docs/elements/components/frame#multiple-frames), you may want to specify in which frame the navigation will occur. For instance, having a button in the side bar that changes the page in the main area. You do this by adding the `frame` option:

Reviewer: No need for code formatting in the multiple frames link.

```suggestion
Each [`<Frame>`](/en/docs/elements/components/frame) element has its own navigation stack. If you are using [multiple frames](/en/docs/elements/components/frame#multiple-frames), you may want to specify in which frame the navigation will occur. For example, having a button in the side bar that changes the page in the main area. You can do this by adding the `frame` option:
```

```JavaScript
this.$navigateTo(SomeComp, {
  frame: '<id, or ref, or instance>'
});
```

> The value for the `frame` option can be the `<Frame>`'s `id` (e.g. `<Frame id="main-frame">`), or the `<Frame>`'s `ref` (e.g. `<Frame ref="mainFrame">`), or the `<Frame>` element instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for the `frame` option can be one of the following:
* the `id` of the `<Frame>` component (for example: `<Frame id="main-frame">`)
* the `ref` for the `<Frame>` (for example: `<Frame ref="mainFrame">`)
* the `<Frame>` instance itself
```
